Default to Python 3 (#57)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2023-07-draft/problem_package_format.md

| haskell    | Haskell     |                     | .hs                       |
| java       | Java        | Main                | .java                     |
| javascript | JavaScript  | main.js             | .js                       |
| kotlin     | Kotlin      | MainKt              | .kt                       |
| lisp       | Common Lisp | main.{lisp,cl}      | .lisp, .cl                |
| objectivec | Objective-C |                     | .m                        |
| ocaml      | OCaml       |                     | .ml                       |
| pascal     | Pascal      |                     | .pas                      |
| php        | PHP         | main.php            | .php                      |
| prolog     | Prolog      |                     | .pl                       |
| python2    | Python 2    | main.py2            | .py2                      |
| python3    | Python 3    | main.py             | .py                       |
| ruby       | Ruby        |                     | .rb                       |
| rust       | Rust        |                     | .rs                       |
| scala      | Scala       |                     | .scala                    |

> New in 2023-07: `.py` files now default to Python 3, and using shebans are on longer supported; Python 2 has to be explicitly indicated by the `.py2` extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New in version `2023-07`: `.py` files now default to Python 3, and using shebangs are on longer supported; Python 2 has to be explicitly indicated by the `.py2` extension.
```

| rust       | Rust        |                     | .rs                       |
| scala      | Scala       |                     | .scala                    |

> New in version `2023-07`: `.py` files now default to Python 3, and using shebangs are on longer supported; Python 2 has to be explicitly indicated by the `.py2` extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New in version `2023-07`: `.py` files now default to Python 3, and using shebangs are no longer supported; Python 2 has to be explicitly indicated by the `.py2` extension.
```
